chore: Source Postgrey `whitelist_clients` config from Github (#3879)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

- **Environment Variables:**
  - `ONE_DIR` has been removed (legacy ENV) ([#3840](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3840))
    - It's only functionality remaining was to opt-out of run-time state consolidation with `ONE_DIR=0` (_when a volume was already mounted to `/var/mail-state`_).
- **Internal:**

>   - Used a more updated version of `whitelist_clients` directly from `postgrey`'s GitHub repository https://github.com/schweikert/postgrey, rather than from its website https://postgrey.schweikert.ch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Changed the Postgrey whitelist retrieved during build to  [source directly from Github](https://github.com/schweikert/postgrey/blob/master/postgrey_whitelist_clients) as the list is updated more frequently than the [author publishes at their website](https://postgrey.schweikert.ch) ([#3879](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/3879))
```
